with this remarkable role in this first
match
got this city interested in
and once again from the LA Galaxy please
welcome was Latin Ibrahimovic
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you for coming it's enjoy its
great dive here I am when you first got
here I was like oh we gotta have this
guy on the show and then I saw I was
looking in the LA Times and you took out
an advertiser a lot of athletes will
take out a full-page ad usually when
they leave they thanked the city you
know for everything but you took one out
too as you just as you got started and
it says is it dear Los Angeles you're
welcome
[Applause]
[Music]
I mean it has been a couple of years I'm
head Myers on Los Angeles you have and I
wanted to give them a gift and I was I
was thinking a long time you know and
then one day it came like I should give
myself obviously you don't and maybe
this is just some weird preconceived
notion but you don't strike me as
quintessentially Swedish I know you are
Swedish but Swedes are not braggadocious
in general yes they're too nice is that
what you were asked to leave the country
nah I'm not the typical Swedish guy but
I put Sweden on the map so you have a
lot of nicknames I I was going I was
reading through a bunch of your
nicknames which one do you like like is
there one that you really feel strongly
about I mean my name in in the Balkan
language it means gold so I would prefer
that but I know people people have
difficulties to pronounce it than that
so in the end somebody was like 'hey
blah and people call me a blah so yeah
that's not a great now he's the lion so
wine is good but you know what Snoop
Dogg already has lion I think so you
have to like consider what's taken and
what isn't you could get sued who knows
what could happen here you know I have a
nickname idea for you I want to run a
bayou and some of the Swedish Fish
everyone loves swedish fish here I know
I mean back home you probably just call
them fish but here we call them those
little red fish and people yes we love
them so much I like something more
powerful more powerful there's not
anything more powerful than a suite of
fish I'll come up with something else
for you it makes something so okay so
your first game you score a goal it was
an amazing I'm here a long before you go
out on the field you have in your head I
am going to score in my first game I I
mean I had a vision before I come I said
when I come and I know there is some
earthquakes in Los Angeles but this one
this one was me stepping in Los Angeles
I wanted to make a statement I wanted to
make a statement and I mean every movie
has a good start yeah have you been
surprised by know most movies are
terrible not this one
have you been surprised because I know
by the way you've scored it in your
first game with almost every team you've
been with which is a crazy I'm not go
like this not like not just was special
for polysemous how do you not just here
in Los Angeles but I know like you went
to Chicago and it was crazy like you
barely even were able to get out of the
airport it does that surprise did you
expect this in the United States I mean
in Europe the football is is huge right
so wherever I went it's I mean people
they get crazy and that and people told
me when you come to Los Angeles don't
worry you can walk on the streets and
that but since day one no yeah he's
everywhere is my own fault because if
you play the way I do I mean
do you plate do you play other sports
like do you feel like you could have
been a professional athlete playing
basketball or Nothing my confidence is
what people are is very high yeah I
noticed that
yeah my mental part is the bulletproof
so whatever I would do I would be the
one I am today so I'm just this does
this just like I chose football and I'm
sorry for that offense that is cheering
for the other sports because it would be
same thing that your teammates will be
will feel like they're in your shadow
they will be offended by your confidence
and by all the attention that you get no
no no I make them superstars just like a
major so anything they achieve really
they can read it to you
I'll make them big you know there's been
a lot of speculation about whether or
not you were playing in the World Cup
are you going to play in the World Cup
I'm going to the World Cup yes what will
you be wearing at the World Cup will you
have cleats on the bottom of your shoes
or will they be regular shoes I just
said I'm going to the World Cup because
say more people will they will hang me
they care for what I said sounds like an
extreme reaction to you wanting to play
in a soccer match I mean I will cup
without me wouldn't be a World Cup so I
mean people are very kindly with me you
see the audience there yeah right
it is you know you're not from here you
have to understand it's very unusual to
get this kind of enthusiasm for anything
related to soccer I mean most for the
most part here soccer is a game we wish
our kids didn't play so we didn't have
to go away on the weekend area
oh I don't see any of you out on the
field on Saturday what but you have
really listened first of all soccer
football we call it to you we call it
soccer get used to it so we call it
football
yeah football is the biggest port in the
world it is yes imagine now when you
play football and you're on the top how
you feel the biggest sport and being the
best player in the biggest sport has to
be obviously the ultimate yeah this is
what I feel you really should give talks
to people and just like people have
self-confidence because I really I'm
feeling like more of a man just sitting
right
[Applause]
it's great to have you here the galaxy
playing Atlanta United Saturday New York
Red Bulls on April 28th
you want to see slapping slapping is the
correct pronunciation yes love them
thank you very much this is a lot fun to
eat hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet
I've made it myself hit subscribe if you
like it